War Zone Ration Agent
Problem statement:
The following scenario depicts a city in Namibia which is affected by food scarcity. India has sent food supplies to needy people. There are 15, 2-kilogram packets of dhal, 28, 1000-ml cartons of milk, 12, 3-kg packets of flour, 20, 2.5-kg packets of rice, 10 bread loaves. Each child consumes about 3 cartons of milk and 1 loaf of bread in 7 days and adults consume 3 Kilogram flour and 3 kilograms of rice and 1 kilogram dhal in in a week. The following picture shows the number of people living in different places in a city. Drone agents are employed to distribute supplies to different locations. You are given the responsibility to program a robot to distribute the supplies to different locations (represented as tents in the map) based on the number of people living there using a smaller number of commutes and see that all the tents are supplied. In the figure, A denotes adults and C denotes children. The drone agent can carry 15 Kg’s weight or 15 bread loaves or 15 cartons of milk at a time.

Write a pythom program using genetic algorith where the location is given as a tuple containing the (x, y) coordinates of the tents and included path_map and path_restrictions matrices to represent the map and the drone's path restrictions, respectively. The path_map matrix indicates the presence of tents (1) and empty locations (0), while the path_restrictions matrix indicates which paths are allowed for the drone to traverse (1) and which paths are restricted (0).

